docs: Simulate disk faults (#210)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/simulate-disk-pressure-in-physical-nodes.md

This document describes how to use Chaosd to simulate disk faults. This feature helps you simulate disk read/write load (via [dd](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/dd.1.html)) or disk fill (via [dd](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/dd.1.html) or [fallocate](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/fallocate.1.html)).

> ## Create experiments using command-line mode

Reviewer: Global comments:
command-line mode > the command-line mode
service mode > the service mode

> This section describes how to create disk fault experiments using command-line mode.

Author: @WangXiangUSTC 在命令行模式中这个规则也是适用的吗？

      --log-level string   the log level of chaosd, the value can be 'debug', 'info', 'warn' and 'error'
```

#### Configuration description for simulating disk write load

| Configuration item | Abbreviation | Description | Value |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `path` | p | Specifies the file path to write the data. If this parameter is not specified, or the parameter value is set to an empty string, a temporary file will be created in the program execution directory. Depending on the permissions to write the files, you might be required to run this program using certain permissions. | type: string; default: "" |
| `process-num` | n | Specifies the number of concurrent running [dd](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/dd.1.html) programs to be used. | type: uint8; default: `1`; range: `1` to `255` |

> | `size` | s | Specifies the amount of data to be written. It is the total size of data that <0>dd</0> writes. | type: string; default: ""; legal form: an integer plus a unit. For example, 1M, 512kB. Supported units are c=1, w=2, b=512, kB=1000, K=1024, MB=1000\*1000, M=1024\*1024, GB=1000\*1000\*1000, G=1024\*1024\*1024\*1024 BYTE and so on. `size` cannot be "". |

Author: @WangXiangUSTC 在这里 `size` 不可为 "" 和 `size`的默认值是 "" 是不是相互矛盾呢？

> | `size` | s | Specifies the volume of data to be read. It is the total size of data that <0>dd</0> reads. | type: string; default: `""`; **required**; legal form: the combination of an integer and a unit. For example, 1M, 512kB. Supported units are c=1, w=2, b=512, kB=1000, K=1024, MB=1000\*1000, M=1024\*1024, GB=1000\*1000\*1000, G=1024\*1024\*1024\*1024 BYTE and so on. |

Reviewer 2: 这里是 `write`，为什么要改为 `read`

## Create experiments using service mode

This section describes how to create disk fault experiments using service mode.

### Simulate disk read load using service mode

Simulating disk read load is a one-time operation, so the experiment does not need to be recovered.

#### Parameters for simulating disk read load

| Parameter | Description | Value |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `action` | Actions of the experiment | Set to "read-payload" |
| `path` | Specifies the file path to read the data. If this parameter is not specified, or the parameter value is set to an empty string, Chaosd reads from the virtual disk files mounted in the "/" directory. Depending on the permissions to read the files, you might be required to run this program using certain permissions. | type: string; default: """ |

> | `payload-process-num` | Specifies the number of concurrent running [dd](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/dd.1.html) programs to be used. | type: uint8; default: `1`; range: `1` to `255` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `payload-process-num` | Specifies the number of concurrently running [dd](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/dd.1.html) programs to be used. | type: uint8; default: `1`; range: `1` to `255` |
```

> | `size` | Specifies the amount of data to be read. | required; type: string; default: ""; legal form: an integer plus a unit. For example, 1M, 512kB. Supported units are c=1, w=2, b=512, kB=1000, K=1024, MB=1000\*1000, M=1024\*1024, GB=1000\*1000\*1000, G=1024\*1024\*1024\*1024 BYTE and so on. `size` cannot be "". |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `size` | Specifies the volume of data to be read. | required; type: string; default: ""; legal form: the combination of an integer and a unit. For example, 1M, 512kB. Supported units are c=1, w=2, b=512, kB=1000, K=1024, MB=1000\*1000, M=1024\*1024, GB=1000\*1000\*1000, G=1024\*1024\*1024\*1024 BYTE and so on. `size` cannot be "". |
```

Reviewer: amount 一般形容可数物品的数量

Reviewer: 中文这里没有写 `size` 不能为 "".

#### Example for simulating disk read load using service mode

```bash
curl -X POST 172.16.112.130:31767/api/attack/disk -H "Content-Type:application/json" -d '{"action":"read-payload","path":"/dev/zero", "payload-process-num":7,"size":"1000G"}'
```

The result is as follows:

```bash
{"status":200,"message":"attack successfully","uid":"a551206c-960d-4ac5-9056-518e512d4d0d"}
```

### Simulate disk write load using service mode

#### Parameters for simulating disk write load

| Parameter | Description | Value |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `action` | Actions of the experiment | Set to "write-payload" |
| `path` | Specifies the file path to write the data. If this parameter is not specified, or the parameter value is set to an empty string, a temporary file will be created in the program execution directory. Depending on the permissions to write the files, you might be required to run this program using certain permissions. | type: string; default: "" |

> | `payload-process-num` | Specifies the number of concurrent running [dd](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/dd.1.html) programs to be used. | type: uint8; default: `1`; range: `1` to `255` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `payload-process-num` | Specifies the number of concurrently running [dd](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/dd.1.html) programs to be used. | type: uint8; default: `1`; range: `1` to `255` |
```

> | `size` | Specifies the amount of data to be written. It is the total size of data that <0>dd</0> writes. | type: string; default: ""; legal form: an integer plus a unit. For example, 1M, 512kB. Supported units are c=1, w=2, b=512, kB=1000, K=1024, MB=1000\*1000, M=1024\*1024, GB=1000\*1000\*1000, G=1024\*1024\*1024\*1024 BYTE and so on. `size` cannot be "". |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `size` | Specifies the volume of data to be written. It is the total size of data that <0>dd</0> writes. | type: string; default: ""; legal form: the combination of an integer and a unit. For example, 1M, 512kB. Supported units are c=1, w=2, b=512, kB=1000, K=1024, MB=1000\*1000, M=1024\*1024, GB=1000\*1000\*1000, G=1024\*1024\*1024\*1024 BYTE and so on. `size` cannot be "". |
```

#### Example for simulating disk write load using service mode

```bash
curl -X POST 172.16.112.130:31767/api/attack/disk -H "Content-Type:application/json" -d '{"action":"write-payload","path":"/tmp/test", "payload-process-num":7,"size":"1000G"}'
```

The result is as follows:

```bash
{"status":200,"message":"attack successfully","uid":"a551206c-960d-4ac5-9056-518e512d4d0d"}
```

### Simulate disk fill using service mode

#### Parameters for simulating disk fill

| Parameter | Description | Value |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `action` | Actions of the experiment | Set to "fill" |
| `destroy` | If this parameter is set to `true,` the fill file is immediately deleted after being filled. | type: bool; default: `false` |

> | `fill-by-fallocate` | If this parameter is set to `true`, Linux is used to call fallocate to quickly apply for disk space and size must be greater than `0`. If this parameter is set to `false`, Linux is used to call dd to fill disks at a relatively slow pace. | type: bool; default: `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fill-by-fallocate` | If this parameter is set to `true`, Chaos Mesh uses Linux to call `fallocate` to apply for disk space quickly, and you must set `size` to a value greater than `0`. If this parameter is set to `false`, Chaos Mesh uses Linux to call dd to fill disks at a relatively slow pace. | type: bool; default: `true` |
```

Reviewer 2: 这里建议把 `Chaos Mesh` 改为 `chaosd`

| `path` | Specifies the file path to write the data. If this parameter is not specified, or the parameter value is set to an empty string, a temporary file will be created in the program execution directory. Depending on the permissions to write the files, you might be required to run this program using certain permissions. | type: string; default: "" |
| `percent` | Specifies the percentage of disk size to be filled. | type: string; default: ""; positive integer of the uint type is acceptable; `size` and `percent` cannot both be "" at the same time. |

> | `size` | Specifies the amount of data to be written. | type: string; default: ""; legal form: an integer plus a unit. For example, 1M, 512kB. Supported units are c=1, w=2, b=512, kB=1000, K=1024, MB=1000\*1000, M=1024\*1024, GB=1000\*1000\*1000, G=1024\*1024\*1024\*1024 BYTE and so on. `size` and `percent` cannot both be "" at the same time. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `size` | Specifies the volume of data to be written. | type: string; default: ""; legal form: the combination of an integer and a unit. For example, 1M, 512kB. Supported units are c=1, w=2, b=512, kB=1000, K=1024, MB=1000\*1000, M=1024\*1024, GB=1000\*1000\*1000, G=1024\*1024\*1024\*1024 BYTE and so on. `size` and `percent` cannot both be "" at the same time. |
```
